Fast Food. A hamburger sat in a hamburger bar, waiting to be fried. "No one's going to put me" it said, "into anyone's inside. Cause eating me is cruel, eating me is murder, you can't catch me, I'm the speedy hamburger!" So up jumped the hamburger, and ran out of the bar. "Hey, come back here!" Said the hamburger cook. "You won't get very far!" But hamburger rolled out of the door, and off down the street. Who do you think was the first person, hamburger happened to meet? Lollipop lady was walking home with a lollipop in her hand! "Get out of the way!" Hamburger yelled, "I'm the fastest in the land!" "Catch, that, hamburger!" The cook yelled out. So lollipop lady turned, and gave hamburger a shout. "Hey little hamburger, you can't run away!" But as hamburger rushed passed, he just had time to say, "Eating me is cruel, eating me is murder, you can't catch me, I'm the speedy hamburger!" Hamburger cook, lollipop lady, ran off down the street, and who do you think was the next person, hamburger happened to meet? Lemonade boy with lemonade bottles was loading up the van, when hamburger rush past shouting, "I'm the fastest in the land!" "Catch that hamburger!" Said hamburger cook. "It's trying to run away! We're gonna catch the little", lollipop lady began to say. "I'll catch it!" Said lemonade boy. "I'm really fast!" Just then he heard hamburger shout, as it went hurtling past. "Eating me is cruel, eating me is murder, you can't catch me, I'm the speedy hamburger!" So hamburger cook and lollipop lady followed by lemonade boy, ran off up the street, shouting, "Hamburger, ahoy!" Hamburger rolled, and hamburger ran, and hamburger couldn't be caught. And hamburger rolled, and hamburger ran, right into an airport. "Stop, right, there." Said security guard. "Where do you think you're trying to go?" "I'm just a little hamburger" it said. "And I don't know where to go!" For a moment it stood in front of the guard, and it darted past. "You won't catch me!" It shouted. "You can't run very fast! Eating me is cruel, eating me is murder, you can't catch me, I'm the, speedy hamburger!" Hamburger rolled through the terminal and out onto the runway. It ran up to a plane to Jamaica, that was waiting to get away. The airplane took off, and flew into the air, and all the people heard something, as they were standing there. "Eating me is cruel, eating me is murder, you can't catch me, I'm the speedy hamburger!"