London Airport. Once my brother said "Why don't we go to London Airport for your birthday treat? We could spend all day there, London Airport, looking at the planes. It'll be great." "Yeah" I said, "It'll be great." Mum said yes, so we took sandwiches and chocolate and drinks, I was really looking forward to it. When we got there, my brother found out that there was this bus that you could go on, a kind of trip, round the runways so you could get right close up to the big jets. Great, really great. So he got the tickets and we got onto the bus and as we were getting on I said "Brian, I want a wee." So he goes "Well, you can't now! This is the last bus today, it's just about to go, we won't get on another one!" "Brian, I want a wee." So he goes "Look, you can't, you can't now, it'll wait. It's not that long a time to wait." So we got on. The bus started up and away we went. The driver starts going, "We're coming to runway four now. If you look to your right you can see, two planes." "I'm dying for a wee", I said. "It'll go away" says my brother. "I want a wee", I say. "What's the matter?" Said the man in front. "He wants a wee", said my brother. "Well you can wait, can't you?" Said the man. "No!" I said. "Well don't do it here, will you sonny?" He says. "Can we stop the bus?" I said. "Don't be daft" says my brother, "We're on the end of, we're on the end of runway four! You can't do a wee on the end of runway four!" And the bloke driving the bus goes, "If you look out of your window, you can see a baggage truck." "I'm going to wet myself", I said. My brother says "Look! There's Concorde! Just think of something else will you?" "I can't!" I said, "It's hurting! I've got to do it! I've got to do it!" The bus went on. We saw more planes, and more planes, and more planes. "You haven't wet yourself, have you?" My brother says. "No!" More planes, more planes, more planes, "Here goes!" I said. There the bus stopped. I rushed off the bus, I got to the toilet, and everything was lovely once again. Wonderful. And then we went home. Mum said, "Did you have a good time, boys?" And my brother said, "It was great, really great." "And how about you?" She said to me, "How was your birthday treat?" "Alright." I said. "Alright. But I wanted a wee, and they wouldn't let me." And I cried.