May. A woman called May used to look after us sometimes. Her husband was a bus conductor, and he could wink, with both eyes. Fantastic! We used to meet him on the bus, and when we got our tickets off him, if we were lucky, he'd wink one eye, then wink the other eye, again and again, really fast. Fantastic! But best, was, May. When she came over, after tea, we played games. My favorite was, 'raisins'. This is how we played, 'raisins'. We tipped, the raisins, out of the raisins jar, and we each guessed, how many raisins there were. "Hundred and forty eight" I'd say, "Two hundred and thirty one" May would say. Then we took one raisin each, counting. I take one, one, put it in my mouth. May takes one, two, she puts it in her mouth, I take one, three, into my mouth, May takes one, four in her mouth and so it went on. Hundred and thirty one, in my mouth, hundred and thirty two, in her mouth. I love raisins, all chewy and sweet. Mmm. Two hundred and one in my mouth, two hundred and two in May's mouth, two hundred and three, last one in my mouth, hmm. May had guessed best. She had guessed, two hundred and thirty one. But now, we'd eaten all the raisins. They were all gone, the jar was empty. Could be trouble. Anyway, then it was bedtime. At tea time the next day, we were having fruit salad, and my brother said, "I'll have raisins on this." He went to the cupboard, and he saw the empty jar and he goes, "Where have all the raisins gone? The jar was full yesterday! Mum, he's eaten them all! Look at his face! You can see he's eaten them! Tell him off mum, tell him off!" And mum says to me, "Did you eat them?" And I say, "Me and May did." And my brother says, "See, I told you, it's not fair mum! He's a greedy little pig!" And then a picture came into my mind of the night before of me and May counting the raisins into our mouths, all chewy and sweet, mmm. So I said "I'm not a greedy little pig!" And mum said to my brother, "Raisins don't last all week you know." But I didn't tell anyone about our game, 'raisins'. Two hundred and three. Mmm.